Something that lives and moves, but is not a human, bird, insect or fish.
To try to hurt or defeat (mainly referred to physical violence but can also be used to describe verbal or emotional outbursts).
(Adverb) in return, into, towards a previous place or condition, or an earlier time; (noun) the part of your body that is opposite to the front, from your shoulder to your bottom.
The red liquid that is sent around the body by the heart.
A man or boy with the same parents as another person.
(Verb) when you prepare food to be eaten by heating it until it is ready, or (noun) a person who prepares and cooks food.
Our planet, the third in order from the sun, between Venus and Mars, the world on which we live. Also another term for soil on the ground.
A hard transparent material used to make windows bottles and other objects.
To dislike someone or something very much.
The activity of obtaining knowledge, or knowledge obtained by study.
Someone who affects or changes the way that other people behave.
The whole physical structure that forms a person or animal.
(Verb) when you prepare food to be eaten by heating it until it is ready, or (noun) a person who prepares and cooks food.
An area of land that has its own government, army etc.
A period of 24 hours.
A group of people who are related to each other such as a mother, father and their children.
A person who you know well and like a lot, but who is usually not a member of your family.
The group of people that officially control a country.
A system of communication consisting of sounds, words and grammar.
A substance that consists of very small grains of rock, found on beaches and deserts.
A piece of the hard solid substance that is found in the ground, and that is often used for building.
Money paid to the government that is based on your income or the cost of goods or services you have bought.
A clear liquid, without colour or taste, that falls from the sky as rain, and is necessary for animal and plant life.
A single unit of language that has meaning and can be spoken or written.
Armed fighting between two or more countries or groups, or a particular example of this.
The part of existence that is measured in minutes, days or years, or this process considered as a whole.
A description either true or imagined, of a connected series of events.
The mixture of gas and very small pieces of carbon that is produced when something burns.
The area above the earth, in which clouds, the sun, moon and stars can be seen.
The emotional or physical reaction to a sudden unexpected and usually unpleasant event or experience.
A sound or sounds, especially when it is unwanted, unpleasant or loud.
The part of the day from the time the sun rises or you wake up, until the middle of the day or lunch time.
